the most important thing that myths
teach us is to go beyond the limits of
our possibility joseph campbell was one
of the leading mythology experts of all
time he diagrammed all of our stories he
find this one story within all the
stories that we can relate to no matter
where you come from and he called it the
hero's journey all the heroes all the
villains are all in there because
they're all in here this is where they
come from in other words we're not
separate from the characters we see and
our movies and in our novels they are us
it's one journey
if this pastor that hero's journey is
fairly simple why then is it that
everybody is living it it's very
difficult for a person with the media
with advertising there's no creativity
do you end up on that treadmill and you
can't get off we are each our own
greatest inhibitors the one thing that
keeps people smalls they're fierce or as
Campbell says it's they're dragons it's
a beast
it's a monster I'll never forget to
seeing the ramp and this wave of fears
crash over
it's going from an unsatisfying life to
a satisfying life by pushing through the
scariest things you can imagine
I think people wake up to the fact that
they're the hero of their own life when
they get tired of being the victim of it
this idea that our greatest cells are
still hidden and that what we do with
our lives is what makes us heroes once I
saw what was possible with a skateboard
in your hand I had to keep going I think
I just want to fly this is it this is
what happens when we follow our Plus
magical things happen that we couldn't
have imagined
do something that gives you that moment
if you can do that then you can achieve
University
Hostel for most of it is ourselves we
can overcome that basic fear in Campbell
stones within all be heroes
you